README.md, before:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/test/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/fpga/badge.svg)

# Tiny Tapeout Verilog Project Template

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital and analog designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Set up your Verilog project

1. Add your Verilog files to the `src` folder.
2. Edit the [info.yaml](info.yaml) and update information about your project, paying special attention to the `source_files` and `top_module` properties. If you are upgrading an existing Tiny Tapeout project, check out our [online info.yaml migration tool](https://tinytapeout.github.io/tt-yaml-upgrade-tool/).
3. Edit [docs/info.md](docs/info.md) and add a description of your project.
4. Adapt the testbench to your design. See [test/README.md](test/README.md) for more information.

The GitHub action will automatically build the ASIC files using [OpenLane](https://www.zerotoasiccourse.com/terminology/openlane/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
- [Build your design locally](https://www.tinytapeout.com/guides/local-hardening/)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/tinytapeout)


### Quick Start Journal (for agneya)
- remember to `wsl --shutdown`
- to generate a .vcd, instantiate the virtual python environment `source venv/bin/activate` and run `make -B` in the test folder


![passed uart](image.png)

Commit message:

works with all baud rates now

README.md, after:

![](../../workflows/gds/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/docs/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/test/badge.svg) ![](../../workflows/fpga/badge.svg)

# Tiny Tapeout Verilog Project Template

- [Read the documentation for project](docs/info.md)

## What is Tiny Tapeout?

Tiny Tapeout is an educational project that aims to make it easier and cheaper than ever to get your digital and analog designs manufactured on a real chip.

To learn more and get started, visit https://tinytapeout.com.

## Set up your Verilog project

1. Add your Verilog files to the `src` folder.
2. Edit the [info.yaml](info.yaml) and update information about your project, paying special attention to the `source_files` and `top_module` properties. If you are upgrading an existing Tiny Tapeout project, check out our [online info.yaml migration tool](https://tinytapeout.github.io/tt-yaml-upgrade-tool/).
3. Edit [docs/info.md](docs/info.md) and add a description of your project.
4. Adapt the testbench to your design. See [test/README.md](test/README.md) for more information.

The GitHub action will automatically build the ASIC files using [OpenLane](https://www.zerotoasiccourse.com/terminology/openlane/).

## Enable GitHub actions to build the results page

- [Enabling GitHub Pages](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/#my-github-action-is-failing-on-the-pages-part)

## Resources

- [FAQ](https://tinytapeout.com/faq/)
- [Digital design lessons](https://tinytapeout.com/digital_design/)
- [Learn how semiconductors work](https://tinytapeout.com/siliwiz/)
- [Join the community](https://tinytapeout.com/discord)
- [Build your design locally](https://www.tinytapeout.com/guides/local-hardening/)

## What next?

- [Submit your design to the next shuttle](https://app.tinytapeout.com/).
- Edit [this README](README.md) and explain your design, how it works, and how to test it.
- Share your project on your social network of choice:
  - LinkedIn [#tinytapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/search/results/content/?keywords=%23tinytapeout) [@TinyTapeout](https://www.linkedin.com/company/100708654/)
  - Mastodon [#tinytapeout](https://chaos.social/tags/tinytapeout) [@matthewvenn](https://chaos.social/@matthewvenn)
  - X (formerly Twitter) [#tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/hashtag/tinytapeout) [@tinytapeout](https://twitter.com/tinytapeout)


### Quick Start Journal (for agneya)
- remember to `wsl --shutdown`
- to generate a .vcd, instantiate the virtual python environment `source venv/bin/activate` IN WSL and run `make -B` in the test folder

- if starting a new project, open WSL, run `python -m venv venv` in the test folder. Then, `source venv/bin/activate` to start the virtual environment. Then, `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the necessary packages.

- start wsl
- python3 -m venv venv (create virtual environment. MUST BE MADE IN WSL)
- source venv/bin/activate (activate virtual environment)
- pip install -r requirements.txt (install necessary packages)
- change the module name in tb.v
- make -B (run the testbench)

- spi is main project, template is the buildable project

- uart_to_spi.v is the module file i put into vivado

- below code im supposed to put into my project.v file?


![passed uart](image.png)

- UART finally works! i managed to fix it by first instantiating the reciever, and then setting up the transmitter. two independent files. 

- UART WORKS WITH ALL BAUD RATES NOW YAYYYY
